Add note for repo-updater state (#23756)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/repo/update_frequency.md

## Repo Updater State

> > NOTE: [Instrumentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/faq#i-am-getting-error-cluster-information-not-available-in-the-instrumentation-page-what-should-i-do) (where Repo Updater State resides) is only available for Kubernetes instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: [Instrumentation](../../admin/faq.md#i-am-getting-error-cluster-information-not-available-in-the-instrumentation-page-what-should-i-do) (where Repo Updater State resides) is only available for Kubernetes instances.
```
(not sure if that's the right relative path, counting is hard)

(we might want to give Instrumentation a section of its own somewhere at some point, that's quite a link 😅 )
